ah
Speak there, guys, how are you?
Who speaks, welcome.
my channel
This is my first video I bring.
for you today a gameplay of call of
duty black ops 2
I'm not so well because it does little
time I bought the game a little time
What am I playing?
however I am evolving according to the time
It was happening and I'm posting more videos.
you will see my progress in the game
today I will address a subject that
many gamers do not know but it's one thing
which interferes a lot in the gameplay
especially games like this like
call of duty black ops 2 that requires a lot
which is the response time and the
input leg on monitors and tvs
I'll explain the difference between
the two and how they can interfere
positively or negatively on your
game and as I am no technical people
I will not use too much language
technical
I'll use an easier language
more accessible so that everyone can
follow up let's go then
First let's talk about the time of
answer the response time it is
informed in all the TV manuals and
monitors you find out there
unlike the slight input that we
Let's wake up later then the
answer is the time when the tv set
delay to make the image change
to fit the image for example in the
transition from a very clear image to
me for a very dark image
the pixel has to make a very
then the response time is
average the time when pixel does this
change
or there is a moving image
I can use as an example a race
formula 1 sometimes has those
cameras that stand still and the cars
They pass very quickly the smaller
the TV response time will show
that image more accurately and without
leave that effect that many call
of ghost effect or the car
He spent the pixels that were behind the
where the car passed
sometimes it takes a while to get back in
natural color or skin color
it is in the color of the grass whatever the
image behind the car
this is practically imperceptible for the
most people but we gamers are
more demanding in relation to the image
so many realize these minimums
Details
Now you must be wondering what
that this involves the gameplay
Good people, in fact, nothing is more to it.
image quality, especially in
games where you have very fast images
sudden changes in color or brightness
just that
now the input leg this yes interferes
much in gameplay and usually this
data is not provided by manufacturers.
of monitors and tvs is very difficult for you
find you normally find
these data in tests that are done by
specialized sites and t-130 let's talk
What is the input leg?
lego input is the delay in which the
monitors and TVs suffer to process the
image and display it in full screen
or your monitor receives an image
your monitor or your TV receives a
picture of your computer
this image it must be processed to
then shown on the screen
This delay calls input leg.
the delay of this processing normally
tvs have a longer delay because tv
has another type image treatment
gay office he these tvs that have 120
hertz smoothness of movement smoothness
edges that Eddie's Mutim and so
go
that is to give all of treatment in the
image the image has to be processed
to be launched on the screen and the
monitors not monitors only receive the
and the image is displayed on the screen.
just as she came some have another one
treatment but nothing too complex
now what does this interfere in
gameplay imagines that you are
playing a game like this call of duty
black ops 2 or any other game of
first person shooter and you stay
face to face with the enemy
you are seeing it therefore he
also seeing you if his monitor
have a much better input leg than the
your
He'll see you first, the image of him.
going to be processed first is going to be
released on the first screen
consequently it will have the first
it then we are talking about some
milliseconds may not seem like anything but
in games that requires much reflexes
fast
that makes a difference that is why
majority of people who
computer in lcd and plasma led tvs
especially those that have 128 240
Hertz usually does not do well in this game.
because you should even process image
put those pictures to the most
picture becomes smoother and this image is
launched in screen the person is dead, nor
saw what happened, it's natural, I
I 'm not generalizing
there are guys there that have almost
about humans and even with this small
delay that TVs have in relation to
monitors
they usually do well in the game but
for most this does a lot
difference
Now, this truth, that I am.
saying that most TV's
in fact the vast majority of surfaces
have a broader input than the voter is
an almost absolute truth but not
absolute has time monitor tyreke
terrible and has tvs that have continuous gui
very good
now the opposite of what I said now
It's also true some gamers usually
connect video games on monitors and then they
have a small advantage over those who
usually play their consoles on tvs
if you want you can even
take a test to see if this is
perceptible to you or not enough
Turn on the computer on a TV and it worked badly
if you make quick movements with the mouse
and pay close attention to focus well
in the context of the mouse
there you go and turn the computer on
monitor and does the same thing
you will realize that the response of the
mouse on most monitors
it will be faster
and most TVs will have a
small leg
this light that you see with the pointer
the mouse is reduced to all images
which are displayed on tv
so this is unfortunately people to see
the input leg of the tv monitors you
You do not have to do enough research for
tests
I hope this has helped you
especially those that usually occur
in this type of game can be by
cause of your monitor and your tv and I 'm
seeing that the time of the video is ending
people, that 's it, I'm staying for
here thank you very much for having attended
to the video and hope this video has
helped you
any doubt can leave the
comments that I'll try to answer
to all
If you liked the video, leave that
I like the one who helps the hell out of
dissemination and enroll in the channel to
accompanying the evolution of the
there are several pictures that I still want
put into practice and I'm sure you
they will like
This is it we are well into the next
and I went